update agentic chat docs for GA (#1156)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/cody/capabilities/agentic-context-fetching.mdx

- **Requires user consent**: Agentic context fetching will pause and ask for permission each time before executing any shell command.
- **Trusted workspaces only**: Commands can only be executed within trusted workspaces with a valid shell
- **Potential data sharing**: Any terminal-accessible information may be shared with the LLM

Commands are generated by the agent/LLM based on your request. Avoid asking it to execute destructive commands.

## Use cases

Agentic context fetching can be helpful to assist you with a wide range of tasks, including:

- **Improved response quality**: Helps you get better and more accurate responses than other LLMs, making up for the additional processing time for context gathering a non-issue
- **Error resolution**: It can automatically identify error sources and suggest fixes by analyzing error logs
- **Better unit tests**: Automatically includes imports and other missing contexts to generate better unit tests

## Enable agentic context fetching

> Agentic context fetching is enabled by default for all Cody users. It uses LLM reflection and basic tool use steps to gather and refine context before sending it in the final model query. The review step in agentic context fetching experience defaults to Gemini 2.5 Flash and falls back to Claude Haiku or GPT 4.1 mini if Flash is unavailable.

Author: ```suggestion
Agentic context fetching is enabled by default for all Cody users. It uses LLM reflection and basic tool use steps to gather and refine context before sending it in the final model query. The review step in agentic context fetching experience defaults to Gemini 2.5 Flash and falls back to Claude Haiku or GPT 4.1 mini if Flash is unavailable.

You can disable agentic context in your extension settings using `cody.agenticContext`
```

![mcp-via-ui](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/Docs/mcp-with-ui-2025.png)

Create a new server configuration and input the necessary arguments provided by the server. You can disable individual tools in the UI by clicking on them.

#### 2. From the editor extension settings

- Edit your MCP configuration settings using the `cody.mcpServers` property in your extension settings.
    - `settings.json` (VSCode)
    - `cody_settings.json` (JetBrains)
- Use the following format when adding a new server

<Callout type= "tip">In JetBrains, you need the absolute path to the command. Use the `which` command in the terminal to find it. For example, `which npx`.</Callout>

```json
"cody.mcpServers": {
    "<server_name>": {
      "command": "...",
      "args": [...],
      "env": {
	      ...
      },
      "disabledTools": [...]
    }
  }
```

When you submit a query, Cody will determine whether to use any of the server's tools.

![mcp-via-settings](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/Docs/mcp-via-settings.png)

### MCP Best Practices

> Since MCP is an open protocol and servers can be created by anyone, your mileage may vary. Tool names, descriptions, and the underlying models you have available may all affect the performance of MCP retrieval. To get the best results using your MCP servers, it's recommended the following:

Author: ```suggestion
Since MCP is an open protocol and servers can be created by anyone, your mileage may vary. Tool names, descriptions, and the underlying models you have available may all affect the performance of MCP retrieval. To get the best results using your MCP servers, we recommend the following:
```

- Read through the tools of the servers you install and their parameters. Be as explicit as possible in your queries to provide all of the information the tool needs
- If you don't get the desired results on the first try, iterate on your query. It may take a couple of tries to get the results you're expecting
- Choose high-quality servers. Prefer servers from official sources over third parties. Read through the code to understand how the servers you are installing work

### Limitations

> - Cody currently supports only local MCP servers

Author: ```suggestion
- MCP is supported through Cody’s agentic context fetching capabilities. You must have these capabilities enabled in order to utilize MCP servers
- Cody currently supports only local MCP servers
```

- MCP offers three main capabilities: Tools, Resources, and Prompts. Currently, Cody supports only Tools

> - Since most MCP servers require users to create their access tokens, the servers will have the same access as whatever token you provide. For example, if a user has write permissions to Jira and creates an access token with write permissions, they can use Cody to write back into Jira via MCP. It is impossible to limit write access across all MCP tools broadly. You should use tools with this consideration in mind

Author: ```suggestion
- Since most MCP servers require users to create their access tokens, the servers will have the same access as whatever token you provide. For example, if a user has write permissions to Jira and creates an access token with write permissions, they can use Cody to write back into Jira via MCP. It is not possible today to limit write access across all MCP tools broadly. You should use tools with this consideration in mind
```
